[Bots] IP Validation and Breach of Policy (#6268)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/bots/reference/verified-bots-policy.md

### Public Documentation

The bot must have publicly documented expected behavior or user-agent format.

## IP Validation 

A set of validation methods and requirements to gather set IP ranges for a verified service.

### Public IP List 

* A fixed and limited set of IP addresses, which can be verified via publicly accessible plain-text, `JSON`, or `CSV`.
* IP addresses used solely by the bot owner.
* A user-agent match pattern.

### Reverse DNS 

* A list of domain suffixes to validate DNS records.
* IP addresses should have PTR records set correctly.
* A user-agent match pattern.

### ASN 

* A valid `ASN` belonging to the bot owner.
* A user-agent match pattern.

### Machine Learning 

* A valid user-agent.
* More than 1000 requests per day.
* Dynamic IPs are solely used by bot owner. 
* A user-agent match pattern.

## Breach of Policy 

> If any of the requirements to validate are breached, a service will be removed from the global allowlist. See the list below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any of the following requirements to validate are breached, a service will be removed from the global allowlist.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the connection between the list and the breach of policy so adding this as a clarification. But also the list below doesn't seem like a list of requirements because requirements need to have a 'Must...' clause.
